It looks like we can get it
8 influence ぇ
There was a drink party for a while and I went to a drink party and I ate something delicious
Floor and there Masu
Secret was either if drinking it I Ha brain at all
I drank a lot
It has changed at all
8 So hey
Following is today the fourth day in to Pettomato third day, which was up yesterday
It is said that she often went to a woman
Probably was a ne eh moonlight
It's completely impossible.
Completely from the top of the sand
I 'm out
I'll cut me catheter
I'm out
What
It would Do It'd sucked up somewhere, et al. Water wonder
This How What a wonder if the next part of this this child has become a four-roots under
It will be an enemy place this
It looks like seed
I is I feel it 's such a what will the Futaba
Someone idea if by so out of you so
I 'm out
Hmm
Hey hey
it can
It's a great scale and it's going to be like this in a day , isn't it?
It's connected to a bit this softening
The part that is connected here
This is everyone
sorry
This this this time
Something a bit thin, huh
It is not Kiten properly water siphoning are either worried about you is but something a little dry
I also feel like it
Horse somehow
I want you to endure
Nowadays
Pet mats are growing well
I think I want to go north again
Influence temporary change enan
One
I always
Kameda shooting with my video
Go to to sing contains the user tuber splashing in the user tuber
Possible
I will
Sony nex 5 r 1
The height of the tripod to say what this is good
Here is an example
The Manfrotto wine Emperor has large wearing
This is what is what I described say or say
I thought I could do a selfie
Is n't it
It looks like a bench that you can take a picture of yourself
I ne has Damn time of videos
Then There is a referral directly below
Now it's quite cheap on the net so it's a good year lens
Body and reviewer lens this is
16 pdf is the back vote
50,000 yen in the set
I will reach you a bit
Cat's Image Quality Day on
Stab a video ok oh
ー
So why not today
After the head is the fourth day of advertising
Was there a introduction of the camera that he is using
Please rice When I this is gotten I want to learn more if
I 'm always taking a picture with this I can not review the sound of this
I So
It looks like it's an iphone 5 now
By 2 sub-channels
If there is hope ,
Not that I think So pattern and I want continue to introduce
me
Yeah yeah yeah